DOCSUP-2954: Documented the view function (#15881)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/table-functions/view.md

> ## View {#view}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## view {#view}
```

> Turns an subquery into a table object.

Reviewer: This function works similarly to the [view](https://clickhouse.tech/docs/en/engines/table-engines/special/view/) table engine. There is no much information, but it can help to make the description more informative.

**Syntax**

``` sql
view(`subquery`)
```

**Parameters**

> -   `subquery` — An example: SELECT a, b, c FROM table_name.

Reviewer: Subquery can be only of the SELECT type.

**Returned value**

> -   A table object.

Reviewer: "Table object" is the internal term. For users it's just "A table".

**Example**

Input table:

``` text
┌─id─┬─name─────┬─days─┐
│  1 │ January  │   31 │
│  2 │ February │   29 │
│  3 │ March    │   31 │
│  4 │ April    │   30 │
└────┴──────────┴──────┘
```

Query:

``` sql
SELECT * FROM view(SELECT name FROM months)
```

Result:

``` text
┌─name─────┐
│ January  │
│ February │
│ March    │
│ April    │
└──────────┘
```

> The function view helps passing queries around. For instance, it can be used in remote/cluster table functions:

Reviewer: What does it mean "passing queries around"?

---
toc_priority: 51
toc_title: view
---

## view {#view}

> Turns an subquery into a table. Used for implementing views (for more information, see the `CREATE VIEW query`). It does not store data, but only stores the specified `SELECT` query. When reading from a table, it runs this query (and deletes all unnecessary columns from the query).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turns a subquery into a table. The function implements views (for more information, see the `CREATE VIEW query`). The resulting table doesn't store data, but only the specified `SELECT` query. when When reading from the table, ClickHouse executes the query and and deletes all unnecessary columns from the result.
```

Reviewer: Missing link to CREATE VIEW.

> Turns a subquery into a table. The function implements views (for more information, see the [CREATE VIEW](https://clickhouse.tech/docs/en/sql-reference/statements/create/view/#create-view). The resulting table doesn't store data, but only stores the specified `SELECT` query. When reading from the table, ClickHouse executes the query and deletes all unnecessary columns from the result.

Reviewer: - "the CREATE VIEW query" or "CREATE VIEW"
- "For more information" is a redundant phrase with zero use. Please delete it.

**Syntax**

``` sql
view(subquery)
```

**Parameters**

> -   `subquery` — Subquery of the `SELECT` type only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `subquery` — `SELECT` query.
```

**Returned value**

-   A table.

**Example**

Input table:

``` text
┌─id─┬─name─────┬─days─┐
│  1 │ January  │   31 │
│  2 │ February │   29 │
│  3 │ March    │   31 │
│  4 │ April    │   30 │
└────┴──────────┴──────┘
```

Query:

``` sql
SELECT * FROM view(SELECT name FROM months)
```

Result:

``` text
┌─name─────┐
│ January  │
│ February │
│ March    │
│ April    │
└──────────┘
```

> Function `view` can be used in `remote` or `cluster` table functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `view` function as a parameter of `remote` and `cluster` table functions:
```

Reviewer: Missing links to the `remote` and `cluster` table functions.
